- Any other items that you all know about, that you wanna discuss. You can look up the term accessibility in the plugins directory on WordPress and get hundreds of plugins, some of them are really, really good. Some of them not so much but, what plugins do you use for accessible content? So, there was Deborah, in the chat posted a link it's five awesome accessibility testing tools from Claire at A Bright Clear Web. So they're talking about using a screen reader, using a color contrast analyser, I'm looking to see if there are any plugins here. Looks like there are browser plugins but I'm not seeing a WordPress plugin yet. All right. Karen asks, "Does anyone know of a good "accessible plugin for charts and graphs?" That's a great question. I don't know of any for WordPress that do that accessibly. With Joe Dolsons WP accessibility plugin you can add long descriptions to images. So, for complex images that look like charts that might be a way to do that. But if you have an interactive chart, something that, you know, maybe it's drawn via data, right, coming out of WordPress and then it needs to be accessible. That would be something that I'd need to look at, to see if there's anything that's accessible out there. I don't know of a plugin that will do accessible charts and graphs just dedicated to that for WordPress. SiteImprove, yeah. So Karen-- Different Karen, Karen with a K, had asked, are there any thoughts on site improve? So, SiteImprove is a service, a software is a service almost like a third party hosted place to run checks of your content both for SEO content quality, link validation, things like that, as well as accessibility. So, SiteImprove is very active in the accessibility community and they have a plugin and we'll talk about that one, for plugins for actually validating or checking for accessibility. It works with their subscription service. So I think that could be a valid way to do checks for accessibility, it isn't the only thing you should do but, but definitely there's a plugin for that. And we'll look at that, well we'll go ahead and look at it right now. While I get a drink of water. So this plugin, which I haven't used, I am familiar with folks at SiteImprove and like them very much, good folks, but I can't comment on the the plugin itself, other than what they say but it basically allows you to check your content while your creating and editing it and then possibly get reports in side WordPress of any scans that SiteImprove does of your content on your site. So that's, I wanna see, I don't think they have any, they don't have any screen shots there but basically you have to have an account with SiteImprove, it does like they have a free trial so, it'd be worth checking that out and seeing what that looks like. There's another plugin as well that we can talk about, it's called Access Monitor. So Access Monitor for WordPress is built by Joe Dolson and it hooks into a third party service called Tenon, T-E-N-O-N so let me go to that and we'll talk about that because that's another one where you can check your content right in WordPress, for accessibility. So this one, it requires an API key and it runs basically this automated scan and it can have you basically check your content before you're allowed to publish it, you can have a setting inside of it so, we can take a look at that when we get into the testing portion and we'll test drive that. So we've talked about child themes and we've talked about them in relation to taking an accessibility ready theme or a commercial theme and developing those out even further and customizing them. But what about custom parent themes? Lets talk about those so what if you wanna build your theme from scratch? Lets see. Lets see if I can find. So the theme handbook basically lays out everything that you can do with a theme and what are the building.blocks of a theme. So I won't get into that in detail but the process of building a theme can be from scratch, can be pretty complex but this is the part of our day where we do get into the complexities of it so, we have a certain number of required files that you need to have, you have to have the index page as well as the style.CSS. Then you have these optional template files, localisation files and, of course, with good theme building practices, you would be separating out your graphics, JavaScripts, other text files from there. But with themes you have a number of options, right? You can basically build your site from scratch with a theme. You can make it look any way that you want and all of those themes out in the theme repository, people started from scratch or from some sort of starter framework that allowed them to build their own very own custom theme to share with others. So there are, there are a number of things that are available to you if you're doing these custom parent themes. So, that accessibility ready theme review that we looked at before. So these required items in the theme review are something that, if you're developing your own theme from scratch, even if you're not publishing it out to the world to share, if it's something that you are saying; okay, this is my custom theme for myself or my client and I'm not going to sell it or give it away, then I still highly recommend you do this this accessibility ready required checks for your own custom theme even if you're not going to release it into the repository and get that accessibility ready tag, because this will make sure that you have good accessible defaults built into your theme where you will need minimal, if any plugins to patch accessibility. So going through this process is highly, highly recommended for making any kind of custom parent theme. And lets talk about themes and editing now. There was one other thing I did want to talk about besides that-- Well that was the theme guidelines in the accessibility theme review, anybody have any thoughts on that? Do you have a specific process that you like to use with custom theme development? There are just a number of different starter theme frameworks. There's underscores from Automattic that is fantastic starter framework that allows you to build up your theme from scratch. So we'll look at that real quick before I move on to this next section. So underscores dot me I believe is, yeah, okay so this site has some contrast issues as you can see on my screen, but this is a starter theme for WordPress and it basically has a whole lot that it just gives you out-of-the-box then you can go and customize and make your own. So, this underscores theme is a really good starter theme to then make your own parent theme, make your own custom theme with it. But there are a number of other ones too. I think there's things called Bones, there's, of course, you can start with frameworks like Genesis Framework and then create your own custom child theme that's much like a parent theme with that. There are just tons and tons of resources out there for having starter files with that, I think foundations or foundation has WordPress starter framework that you can use to build your own custom theme. So go out and do that but when you do look at the accessibility ready required attributes and all of the documentation here for getting your theme ready for that tag, even if you don't submit it to the theme review team. If you go through this and make it accessibility ready, your users are gonna thank you.