- [Instructor] So, the question is, does anyone know if screen readers are sometimes mispronouncing, or putting unexpected emphasis on content as it gets read out. Like, skip to content links, right? So, the answers is yes, screen readers still have that interesting little quirk about them, where it may say skip to content, like if you do this, it's gonna make me content. And yes, it will, screen readers will pronounce things in sometimes unexpected ways, but as designers and developers, we don't have to worry about fixing all instances of that in some way. We don't have to jump through flaming hoops to do that, because a lot of these are things that are conventions, or are very well known to screen reader users, and they may even have changed their settings to adjust for that, or they may just have adjusted their expectations around that, where if they hear a skip to content link, and they know it's skip to the main content, that's okay. They don't, it's okay that it's pronounces it that way. Folks understand how to navigate using that pronunciation. So, sometimes acronyms can get folks into trouble, and that is where you may, you may have uppercase text on a page, and that uppercase text gets read out phonetically, or spelled out instead of read as a word. So, there are some things that you do need to do as best practice, but in general, screen readers do a really good job with that. So yeah, we'll take a look at this real quick, this function. So, this function... just changes it. Instead of skip to content, it says skip to main content. Think that's what you were talking about. So yeah, I mean, you can, I think that's a valid helper function that you can have in there, and make it customizable. What would be really awesome, is to allow that to be customizable through the theme customizations that you might have with your theme. So, what do you want that to read out as? And I think that's something that Joe Dolson, with the WP Accessibility plugin, has allowed people to do, is to create custom links. Because there are some sites, and I'll show one right now. No endorsement here. I know people that either love or hate Starbucks, but they do a good job with their skip links. So, I've just gone to the site, and I hit tab, and at first it went to this exciting updates to Starbucks rewards. So, it goes to that promo area first, but the next tab stop is skip to main navigation, then skip to main content, then skip to footer. So, people can customize those skip links and do some interesting things with them, and really, you can have more than one area where you allow people to skip to if people want to navigate that way. That's a good use case for usability testing, is to find out, what do people want when they navigate our site? And especially if you have a lot of different areas of the site, something like this that I'm showing for Starbucks, may be super handy to do. But that is certainly a possibility. And then, someone asked about, at some point, can we go over the reader mode option in Firefox? It will basically strip things down, and I know that we have that reader mode on our mobile phones as well. I know, with my iPhone, a lot of sites will say there's a reader option available, and it can strip out ads and extraneous content. We can certainly go over that. I definitely want us to break for a bit. Let's stop for about... Well Christopher, what do you think we should, how long should we stop for? And then, return, and then we can return with that question for the reader mode.