- [Instructor] So let's talk about content structure, itself. There's accessible document structure in pages and posts that we like to refer to and that includes a number of things. So, we have our title, the title of the HTML page or post. So, you know, the title of one of my posts was My Inaccessible Post. So, that was what goes inside the title element and within the head of the document, and that is something that gets announced any time that a screen reader comes to the, to the site and loads up that page. That'll be the first thing that gets announced, is the page title. So it needs to be unique and descriptive, doesn't need to be too verbose, but it should be unique for each page of the site. It should be appropriate for that page. Then you have headings hierarchy. So, each page should have one, and only one, heading level one. Then, after that your headings hierarchy should flow with the natural outline order of heading level two. Then if you have another heading after that it can be a heading level two, or it can be heading level three, but you wanna nest your headings levels in the logical order. If your heading levels aren't in that logical order, that can cause some problems. It's probably minor, as long as you have a good heading level one and there's only one of them. If you have six heading level one's and they're all different on the page someone using a system technology might misunderstand what the purpose of the page is, or at least have difficulties ferreting that out. Like is it the first heading level one? Or was that something else? You know? What are you using the heading level ones for if you have that many? So, its important to think about that and try as best you can to keep a logical heading hierarchy that doesn't skip levels. Then we have lists. So, using lists appropriately. Ordered lists, unordered lists, as well as definition lists. Making sure those are used where they are most appropriate. And using semantic content for that. And then tables as well. So, for tabular data, there are ways you can mark that up using divs, and spans, and most of us have gotten away from table based layouts. Using tables for layout. But, there is a use case for having data tables on a page, and understanding how to put those in place is incredibly important for content authors. So, doing that, and doing that in an accessible way isn't that hard, but it just takes a little forethought.