- [Instructor] Let's start talking about Basic WordPress Customization for Accessibility. So, many of you know this. Some of you may not, but there are themes that you install for WordPress and there is an entire set of themes that are tagged accessibility ready. So, the Theme Repository or the Theme Directory on WordPress.org has a series of tags and these Accessibility Ready Themes it looks like there are about 101 of them right now that you can select and install. And these are all themes that are open-source and free to be able to get into the WordPress Theme Directory. So, you can see that it has the default 2019 that ships with WordPress 5, but it also has a number of other themes from third-party developers that have uploaded them to the WordPress Theme Directory. Now, there are standards and checks that have to be passed in order for these themes to get the Accessibility Ready Tag in WordPress. We'll cover some of that next. But we can look at these themes and you can see this one is called Radon. And it talks about what it is, but it has the Accessibility Ready Tag. It should allow you to create a very accessible experience. None of this guarantees that just because you're going to use the Radon Theme that it's going to pass every accessibility check with your content. It just means that it passed the checks that are in the Theme Developers Handbook for that particular tag. And they are extensive checks, and there's a backlog of themes that are waiting for people to review them for the accessibility-ready designation. I can already see in this screenshot. It says, Business WordPress Theme with text over top of an image. And then it has even smaller text on top of that image under the headline, and it's a Carousel that looks like it has low-contrast buttons and the blue is possibly low contrast on it. So, there are a number of things that cause me to think that this while it is accessibility ready it would need further customization to make fully accessible if I were to use that theme. So, we have these Accessibility Ready Themes. And I talked about this Theme Review for Accessibility in the handbook. So, the required Theme Review Team, accessibility ready guidelines here. So, it takes you through if you're a theme developer all of what you need to do that are required aspects of your theme. So, you must have keyboard navigation. You must have accessible controls. You must have skip links. Your forms must appropriately be labeled and that they even give you how to test them. They have information on headings and reference articles from other folks to basically give you guidance on that. ARIA Landmarks, so I talked a little bit about landmarks. So what goes into that and how do you test it? Content links and Repetitive Link Text. It tells you how to use that screen reader text class, and make accessible continue reading links or read more text with appending the title of the article into the link for any continue reading link. Contrast checks. Images. Multimedia. Has the screen reader text. And then what is not allowed for Accessibility Ready Themes. So, there are just a number of things that have to go into that. And then they have a number of recommended items. So, having zoomable text. Make sure the text-only zoom is enabled with your theme. Making sure that the text doesn't break, doesn't overlap when you zoom in. So, I'm using browser zoom right now, if you have noticed, and I'm up to 200% right now. And nothing breaks on this site, too, in terms of the layout. So, I'm able to continue reading this and demonstrating this. And the other thing that they recommend is removing of the title attribute. So, you notice the media library had the title attributes on some of the media items that I'd imported in. And those title attributes are repetitive. And if you have alt text, you don't need the title attribute. And some title attributes are just put onto post titles and into permalinks, and those can be removed as well. So, those are certainly things that you can do. But the Accessibility Ready Themes and the process that you go through to get those passed and accepted, and have your theme, have the Accessibility Ready Tag is fairly, fairly extensive. They do have a disclaimer here that the themes labeled accessibility ready have met the required guidelines that are listed by the WordPress Theme Review Team. But they don't give you a stamp of approval, no formal accessibility requirements. It doesn't mean that your theme fully meets the Web Content Accessibility Guidelines to at Level Double-A, it doesn't mean that. And there are a number of other things that you'll need to do. So, does anybody have any questions? Oh, it looks like if you remove the title attribute, will it hurt SEO? And that's from Kenneth. I don't believe so. There are probably better resources out there, and certainly Yoast for SEO. He has an excellent plugin. So, Yoast SEO. If we look at that yoast.com, this would be my go-to resource for anything SEO-related for WordPress. There are other SEO M-O-Z, SEO MOZ, that site has excellent SEO resources as well. I believe the title attribute will not help you with accessibility when it comes to images. If you have alt text on the images, that is picked up by SEO and that will or by search engines. And that will help. The title attribute could help in some way, but I think that the negative aspects of how that is redundant text, especially for people who have a verbose screen reader setting. If the title attribute is repeated with the alt attribute, that can get pretty annoying very quickly. So, those concerns outweigh any potential benefits of using a title attribute. And actually if you're using an alt attribute that is in my opinion better than the title attribute, just because you're getting that content, an actual place on the page versus having the title itself. The alt is the text alternative to image-based content. So, if you're using the alt attribute and putting that in place, then that's what you definitely want to do. And I have seen where certain plugins there's a NextGEN Image Gallery Plugin that is very popular for photographers and for other highly image-based sites. And their recommendation is to use both the title and alt attribute. I don't agree with that. But it is possible that you could use both. The title of the page, yes, Sumner had a great chat answer there. The title of the page is important to SEO. That is probably one of the most important things to SEO. The title of the page comes up in your Google results. So, this is the title of the page right here, this Yoast SEO: the Number One WordPress SEO Plugin, and then it has a dot and then Yoast. So that's the Google search result listing. And then the title of this page is exactly that. So, in terms of the title of the page, yes, it's super important for SEO. But the title attribute, so there's a title element and then there are title attributes. So, if we inspect Yoast's page, we'll see in the head this has a page title. So, this page title is Yoast SEO: the Number One WordPress SEO Plugin, then it has a round dot, a bullet, and then Yoast. So that is great. Now, we'll look and see if there are title attributes anywhere else. Yes, there are somewhere. Or maybe not, yes, there are linked titles that are in oh, that's in the head, too, so. Yes, so there are some title attributes that they're using on links. And that is something that you can do, but I wouldn't necessarily rely on the title attribute on certain things. And I'm looking through it here in in the source code. And I'm not finding a lot of use of the title attribute here, except on iframes. And so that's good. So, even their images, so this Yoast image here that I'm looking at, oh, that's an SVG. So, their SVG is a hidden image, because it's decorative, I guess, here in this instance. So, that is a good thing. So, there's SEO training and SEO blog here. I'm gonna look and see if any of these images have a title attribute. These have blank alt attributes, and looking to see and they do not use the title attribute at all. And they don't use it on their link as well. That's probably good advice to follow is if Yoast is not using titles for their images on their site, and they are the SEO experts, then I would probably not use a title attribute on an image or a link, unless you absolutely have to.