- [Instructor] So, more plugins. So, this is one that we had mentioned in the chat earlier. The WCAG 2.0 Form Fields for Gravity Forms. This is something that we actually use this plugin, or both of these plugins. We use Gravity Forms and then the WCAG 2.0 Form Fields for Gravity Forms on the air rally site. So this is a free plug in. Adrian Gordon is the author of this. And maintains this in a very proactive way. So as changes happen to both Wordpress and Gravity Forms, Adrian is kind enough to keep updating this. Now, the last update was four months ago. There may be some things that need some changing, but it works really, really well. So, that I would highly recommend if you're using Gravity Forms, on your site, Gravity Forms does a good job overall but you cannot ensure full accessability of your forms without using this plugin. And even then there may be some things you have to change or do manually. So Gravity Forms have a plugin to fix those. Contact Form 7, another very popular contact form. And there are accessible defaults by Joe Dolson. Hear his name again. This plugin fixes some of the issues related to Contact Form 7 fields. And this was updated three months ago again Joe is graciously updating this plugin as Contact Form 7 and Wordpress changes. So those are great plugins to use. Genesis Accessible, so if you use the genesis theme framework, Rian, from the Wordpress accessibility team, I think she, after the Gutenberg debacle, has stepped back a little bit from that, but she's a great resource for accessability based out of Europe and has created the Genesis Accessible plugin so that you can make genesis themes more accessible in Wordpress. This has been tested up to 5.2.2 and was updated three months ago as well. The genesis theme framework has done a great job with addressing accessibility issues inside of it. They have people at StudioPress, they're very interested in accessibility, so I expect to see more good things from them in the future as they continue creating themes and making updates to their framework. But that's not the only framework, right? So there's a very popular theme called Divi. So CampusPress has created a plugin to address accessibility concerns with Divi. So Divi can be highly dynamic in terms of how you build a theme, or how you build a site using that theme. And it has a number of JavaScript powered items like accordions and different menu options that get fixed with this particular plugin. Now this was last updated six months ago and it was tested up to 5.0.4. I haven't heard any rumblings out of Elegant Themes, who make Divi, about them addressing accessibility proactively within the Divi theme itself or their framework, but it's always good to push for that and to say hey, look at this accessibility plugin, can you start incorporating some of the things that this fixes into your themes and think about accessibility proactively, because there are a number of people that really, really, love Divi and I cringe because I have tried to build sites with Divi and to build them accessibly is a very difficult task. So this plugin helps with that, but because it's very popular, people like it because there are certain ease of use for non-technical website authors or builders that you can really benefit from having accessibility baked into it, something like Divi. Let's get into some plugins that just have accessibility baked into them. So Joe Dolson, surprise, built a My Calendar plugin. So this is an events calendar plugin for Wordpress that allows accessibility out of the box. It has accessible defaults. He also has a My Tickets plugin that can work with My Calendar so you can rest assured that his plugin works accessibly out of the box, so to speak. There is the Soliloquy Slider. So this is a plugin for carousels and I learned about this from a former colleague of mine, Bobby Brooks here at Nobility. He did a lot of Wordpress training with our clients but also at AccessU, our conference on web accessibility every year in Austin. And Bobby knew something that I didn't which is that if you had to build a carousel in Wordpress, and you needed to make it accessible, that Soliloquy would allow you to do that. It's not that, not that it will force you to do that. You can make a very inaccessible carousel experience using Soliloquy, but if you care about accessibility, you can customize the interface using the Soliloquy slider theme options within it. And you can make a very accessible carousel interface. I would argue in most instances you may not need a carousel for your site, but there are certain use cases where carousels do make sense and certainly product sliders where you're sliding across images, things like that, a soliloquy slider might be the answer if you need to make that accessible. So that's one that has accessibility support that you can, use within it. And then the other one is this NextGen image gallery. So the NextGen image gallery also allows you to customize it and ensure that it is accessible. You can make a very inaccessible image gallery with it as well. And they also have pro, premium plugin plugin options with features.