- [Lecturer] Let's talk about authoring accessible Wordpress content. This is something that is as important as making your theme support accessibility. So we have the Gutenberg Editor and too much fanfare then also too much consternation, hand-wringing, and loud proclamations of malfeasance around accessibility. We came out with a list of known accessibility issues with Gutenberg. Gutenberg is supposed to be the future of editing within Wordpress. To have block-based content. To make it easier and a better product to use. However, with accessibility, it just wasn't really addressed. In fact it was outright dismissed by the core team working on Gutenberg and that's unfortunate. I think these people are good people that just didn't value the feedback from the accessibility team at the time. Now we have a number of issues open for accessibility. They've closed 868 issues that were tagged with accessibility. So they've been working hard on this. They have 215 of them open. And these are open in various states. People have worked on these issues in some way. Some are ready for review and publishing. Some of them need additional feedback or design feedback or something. Some issues just haven't been addressed. Gutenberg is problematic for people who need accessibility support in the authoring interface. It will remain problematic until they fix all of the issues or most of the issues. So with that said, Gutenberg is out in the wild, but it's not ready for primetime if your team needs an accessible interface to work with. We have the option of installing the classic editor. That's something that we can definitely do. One good thing is that if you are using the Gutenberg editor, you can still author accessible content. You just have to know what to do with that. That's what this whole section of content today after our break is about. What do we need to keep in mind as we author this accessible content. You can still do it with Gutenberg and I'm confident that the efforts of the core team that works on Gutenberg, the folks at automatic, who dedicate a lot of their staff time to core team development, they are interested in this. I feel like they had an embarrassing wake up call about accessibility and the way that they treated it. With their release of Gutenberg it was ham-handed at best. Enough of the tongue-lashing of Wordpress core team and Automatic at this point though. I do want to say, they are genuinely interested in fixing the problems that they had introduced. I just wish they hadn't done it in the first place. So we have the classic editor as well and that is something that I would recommend for anyone that has a diverse team of folks that include people with disabilities. The fact of the matter is, if you code a site that requires the Gutenberg editor to maintain the content, hopefully that's not the case, but if you do that, then you lock yourself into that. If by some chance you need that accessible interface and can't switch to classic editor, then you're in a bit of a bind. So definitely work on ensuring that the classic editor is fine to use with any theme that you develop or put into place.