- [Instructor] So the Firefox browser offers a Reader-Mode for websites. So this can be especially handy when you're browsing but there's a lot of dense content, or a lot of noise even from advertisements or side-bar widgets that don't really have anything to do with the article that you want to read. So what browser manufacturers have done, and especially on mobile devices, is they've enabled this reader-mode to strip away the superfluous information or the extraneous information, that isn't core to what you're there to read about. And it can be particularly helpful when you have ads loading or auto-playing videos on sites. Because that can just destroy the user experience. So the reader-mode operates maybe a little bit differently in each browser implementation. But the essence is is that it will try to find what is the main content of the site and strip away everything else. So anything that it knows is from an ad-network or from a 3rd-party-call, it typically removes but it keeps images if they're in line with the article, and keeps headings and the paragraphs that are there. Which you have to have good document structure for that to be present. So I'm gonna fire-up Firefox, and this is going to be an interesting experiment here. So let me just pull-up a site where that might be present. So I'll pull-up a news site, Washington-Post because I know that they have ads. And if I can type and I can get there. So they have ads, they have videos, they have like 3rd party content in here. They have different side-bar content calls-to-action. So that is all well-and-good. But what if I want to read an article? And let me find something that is... Okay. Here's something that hopefully is not as politically troublesome as some of the other news articles, that we see these days. But see here we have an ad for Google Fi, up at the top, and we have this navigation here called By The Way which is the section of the site that we're in. And then there's a video and all the content for the article. And it has some stuff from Twitter some more ads throughout the site, you know it's kinda disturbing, how many ads I'm getting bombarded with as I view. But there's this Reader-View which is fantastic. So I turn that on and basically, this strips down the article. And I don't see any more ads for Google Fi. As much as I might love that service, they're not gonna convince me by bombarding me like that. But the article is nice and readable. It goes into a single column format. And then we get some other I guess related articles, or maybe other different articles that they're trying to promote, at the bottom of the article. But it really simplifies the experience, and removes a lot of the clutter and the noise. On mobile devices it's something you can easily do at Safari on an iOS device, Like an iPhone or an iPad. And I'm sure that on Android and Chrome, there are ways to... You know make the reading experience easier and better. So what this reader-mode does for Firefox and you can change some of the settings here on the left but what this does is it can help with accessibility obviously. If your eyes are tired, after a long day of looking at the screen, like you all are experiencing right now, changing the background color to Sepia, and making it less dark of a contrast with the text, Can help make the text still readable, but a little easier on the eyes. But you know reduce the eye-strain on that. You also get rid of all of this information. It could be cognitive over-load for someone with a cognitive issue, and needs that for accessibility. So Debra had posted a link. How to turn on reader-mode for your browser, for Chrome, Firefox, Edge, Opera, and Safari in the chat. So there's an article that was recently published about how to do that. Which you know we can all benefit from that. But there are folks that will look for the ability to change the interface in an easy way, when things get overwhelming. And I do know of someone who has a traumatic brain injury, who really does get overwhelmed by very busy information on the site. Or things that change or get added to the interface as you scroll-through it, like all of those Google ads that we were seeing in the main article. So with something like this, she can go in and click a button in a setting and change that experience for her. So she can dig in and read the article and focus, and not get distracted or overwhelmed by all of that information that's coming at you at once, and begging for attention. So reader-mode is fantastic. I don't think you have to do anything special to support that other than coding your site with semantics in mind, giving your site good proper structures like good landmark information. Like using the main element for your main content. Using a side-elements for side-bar contents. Using navigation elements for the nav. All of those basic html structures, if you're presenting them to the browser, the browser will know what to do to strip-away the extraneous content. And a lot of this you know happens with good modern responsive design. All of this is enabled by that. So definitely use those best practices. And the user experience, that folks who are visiting your site or using your site, is going to increase greatly with the aid of these browser features and extensions. Some people also have their custom style sheets that strip-away different things. And they have them for specific sites, so that they make them more accessible and better for them. So user style sheets are something that will, most likely, always be around. And while most folks who use them are advanced, technologically you know they are things that people do to, say change the letter-spacing or the line-height and line-spacing. So you know allowing folks to do that without site-breaking, is a real art form.