- We have businesses that have really tapped into the market of WordPress. And have offered highly customized experiences and designs, and very interactive sites that you can build with WordPress. This commercial theme marketplace is enormous. I don't even know how many millions if not billions of dollars it generates a year. But there are some things that we need to think about. So, with any commercial theme, there are no formal accessibility review processes. There's no accessibility ready tag that is endorsed by the wordpress.org theme developer community. So you have to beware of that. You can very good commercial themes out there, but it is a bit of buyer beware. They might say that things are accessible, but you have to verify those claims. And it's worth really doing some research around that. And you always have this good alternative possibility with commercial themes, and that is you create child themes on top of that. And a lot of the theme houses out there, the commercial theme shops, like StudioPress that makes Genesis theme framework, or elegant themes that make Divvy and other ones. Catch themes based out of Nepal of all places. They make great commercial themes, and they provide child themes, or they're child theme ready. So, you can do that with any child theme. But a lot of the bigger outfits give you guides about here's how you create a good customizable child theme for our theme framework. And so, those will allow you to take what's good about those commercial themes that you like, and you purchased it for, but then level off the accessibility, where it might be needed. So that's something that I will always recommend with anyone that's purchasing a commercial theme, is to look at how to make it more accessible than it is. And many of the commercial themes just don't have even a thought about accessibility into them. If they've inherited some accessibility from the WordPress defaults, you're doing really well. But a lot of times the overrides that come with some of the theme frameworks, and commercial themes, just wipe everything out. So everything has to be put back in from scratch in terms of accessibility.