- [Instructor] So let's talk about themes, if you're building a custom theme, the editing experience with that. We'll talk about Gutenberg versus the Classic Editor. Many of you are aware, and I talked a little bit about the Gutenberg Editor that there are accessibility issues with that. You can create accessibility, accessible content with Gutenberg, but if you have accessibility needs, and you're using the editing interface, you might not be able to use the Gutenberg Editor fully, because of the barriers that were introduced in its design and development. So the Classic Editor is an option. And the WordPress Classic Editor, when you install WordPress, you can go to the plugin repository. You can add a plugin for the Classic Editor. Sometimes WordPress will prompt you, whether or not you would like to install and use the Classic Editor, and you can force that on all of your users. You can just say, everyone's going to use the Classic Editor. We're not going to use Gutenberg right now. And that's perfectly valid. The Classic Editor has has years of development behind it which have seen a number of accessibility improvements in it, so you can rest assured that the majority, if not all of that editor experience is is accessible and functional for people with disabilities. So with either of those editors, though, you can create inaccessible or accessible content. And plugins. We've talked about some of the plugins out there to help with accessibility. Just know that whatever theme that you create, having those accessible defaults are great and having accessibility-ready required functionality and features baked into your custom theme is fantastic, but a plugin will destroy that in a hot second if it is outputting code that is not accessible. Your theme may be able to take and reformat that plugin's output, though. So it's something that you definitely want to you want to keep in mind and be aware of, that just because you have an accessibility-ready theme that you've created, and that's fantastic, it's passed every check, and your colleague, who uses a screenreader has verified it works great, and your other colleague who has low vision says it works fine, and your other friend who uses a keyboard only have no problems. If you start introducing plugins that do different things, that might change.