- [Robert Jolly] So today's agenda. I want to cover Prerequisites and WordPress defaults, so that's going to be the first section of the day and then we'll get into a longer section, WordPress Accessibility for Developers. So if you're developing a site using a theme of any sort, whether you're a theme developer or not, we'll cover content for you. And then we'll get into WordPress Accessibility for Content Authors after we break for lunch. We're going to get into the prerequisites, now, for what we feel like you need to know to spend the day with us. As we go through these prerequisites, I'm not going to go into detail. I'm assuming that you know most of this stuff. If you don't, that is A-Okay and you can raise an issue in Q & A or in chat privately, if you want, and we can expand on any of these topics. So, what is accessibility? I hope most of you that are here know this, but just for us to frame the conversation today and the training. Accessibility to me and to, I would say, most of us at Knowbility, if not all of us, is that accessibility is a barrier-free experience that anyone can have regardless of ability or disability. So it means that our work is usable by all. It is enjoyable by all. It's not, accessibility isn't something extra. It's something that we bake into what we do to make sure that our work is inclusive and does not present barriers to folks. There are some key accessibility principles that are very important to know and if you think about these principles, these 4 guiding principles, in the context of any of your accessibility work or any of your design and development work, you will succeed greatly. And these 4 accessibility principles are perceivable, so everything has to be able to be seen or heard or experienced in some way. So that guides all of the 1 level accessibility guidelines from the web content accessibility guidelines. So when you see 1.3.1, that falls under perceivable. Then the next one is operable. So anything that you can operate in one method must be operable in all methods. So, say you can point and click at something with a mouse. You can also use a keyboard or an alternative input device for that so you can operate the interface. Anyone can do that without a barrier to that. And so, all of the 2.x.x, so 2.1.1 or 2.2.2, those guidelines fall under the operable principle. Then the next principle is understandable. So, any of the content that's presented to users must be understandable. Pretty self-explanatory. Those are the 3. WCAG guideline levels. And then robust is the last principle and that one makes up the 4. WCAG guidelines. So that acronym for the principles is P-O-U-R, POUR. They're highly valuable to me and to everyone that I know working in accessibility to keep in mind because I do not have the WCAG guidelines memorized. I know a few of them but, if I understand these principles, then I can look up guidelines and I can verify and confirm accessibility issues that I feel like might cause somebody trouble and then document them according to what the actual guidelines are. So those principles are extremely important. The Web Content Accessibility Guidelines, so WCAG. You'll hear me throw out terms like WCAG or Web Content Accessibility Guidelines or even A11Y, which is short hand for accessibility. There are 11 letters in between the A and the Y in the word accessibility. So WCAG, just understanding, in general, what it is, where to find the information for that. The Web Content Accessibility Guidelines is published by the W3C, so that is something that is very important to know. Then having general WordPress knowledge, of course, since this is a WordPress training. We need to understand how to, how to build WordPress sites in general. Even if its something like using a host to do a one-click install of your WordPress site and then logging in, right? That is general WordPress knowledge. Obviously, if you have additional WordPress knowledge, that will help you greatly. Familiarity and Comfort with F.E.D. So Front End Design or Front End Development. So Front End Design and Development is a combination of technologies. We frequently use F.E.D. to represent HTML, CSS and JavaScript. So those are the technologies that power the web and that is something that is very important, at least for this developer portion of the course.