- [Instructor] So, you can find me on LinkedIn. I quit Facebook and Twitter a while back. So I've remained on LinkedIn. I'm under iamjolly, or you can just Google Robert Jolly, Knowbility and you can find me there. I'd be happy to answer any follow-up questions there as well as if you want to ask questions over Twitter, or Facebook @knowbility, if you just say, I'm asking for Robert to chime in on this, what do you think about this? Then I'd be happy to get back in touch with you through those channels through Knowbility. So, tea for teaching is one that that Rebecca had had asked about. So the first thing I do when I load up a page, besides just visually scanning the page, is to just start hitting Tab. So I'm hitting Tab and, where am I? Let's see. Oh, there we go. Skip to content. Then Home, Episodes didn't get, okay. I don't know if you can see on my screen, but I'm in the tags, or the categories, for this posted in section. So looking at the focus outline, I would like for that to be stronger, for me. It's also maybe the text size that's that's getting me a little bit there. And then, here we have I'm in the podcast player interface which it looks like I can get to most all of the controls, although, I don't know when I'm on the Play control. I think I'm on it now, so I'm gonna hit the spacebar to see if I'm on that button, yes, I am.

- [Video] The student population...

- [Instructor] So I just hit the button again. So this doesn't have visible focus on it. It will hover, and I can see it turn green, so I would maybe just add a style to that, if you're able to control the styles on these. Adding a style to allow the focus state to match the hover state would be something I would do there. It's great that you have a transcript there, and that just reveals it here. Not sure if that is revealed accessibly or not, so I'm gonna look at it. I'm just going to Inspect very quickly and see so this is giving a all right, so that's a list item, and it says it's already expanded equals false, but then the anchor is what I'm clicking on and it has a role of presentation so I'm not, and it says Transcript. But it has a role of presentation so I'm not sure if that gets announced out. I would be concerned about that, but I would want to check that with the screen reader. I'm not gonna fire that open right now to do that, but I can take a look at this, and this says you know, the name is Transcript, the role is it says it's the role of a link here, even though it's not, but maybe that's because the container around it has a tab index of zero, this list item container. So this is probably from a plugin, is what I'm guessing, because this, this list item has been made focusable and been given a role of a tab, on that. So I would also, yeah, tab and expanded is not a thing, that I'm aware of, so that would be something I would want to revisit a little bit with whatever plugin that is. It may announce out fine, with a screen reader, but I would I would say this is probably gonna find a couple of issues if I run fastpass with that particular tab. So let's see what happens here. But keyboard navigation looks really good overall with that. No failures detected, so that's really good. Some of the stuff that maybe I was suspecting and would have verified with a screen reader, it may have passed this automated check. So that's tea for teaching. Looks like I've got one I'm gonna take the notary compliance, Secretary of State, Texas dot gov. So Texas Notary Public Compliance. So this is an online training system. And I'm just gonna do my thing where I hit Tab. I don't know where I am because there's no visible tab focus here. So that is something I would change. Now I can just for my testing edification, I can force tab focus. Now I am I am not, okay, so maybe, yeah, let's see here, now I can see where I am, at least. Can I get to? So I can't activate this menu here, that apparently I can with a mouse, so I can't activate the "Need Help" menu. That would be, that needs a little help, there. So I can mouse over it and it will show up, but I can't activate it with a keyboard alone. And I can't go to that link, either, directly, so there's no way for me to get to this content or these pages with that, so that would be something that I would look for. I'm not sure if there's a skip link, doesn't seem like there is, so I would want one on a site like this, because you have a number of repeated navigation items here. This text may be too low of contrast, just based on my glancing at it. It's, it might be fine, though, it just looks very light on my screen. So it's 555, which is a dark gray, against a lighter gray color, so we're gonna test that right now, and it's 4.98, so it does pass the 4.5 to 1 ratio. It's just, maybe a little light. So you could, since you're a state agency that you don't know who is coming to this you know, obviously, notary publics can be from all walks of life, and you will have people who are of different age, and of different computer ability. Making sure that this text is as legible as possible is probably quite important. Because you have some instructions here where there are two steps, first you must do this, second you must do this, and, you know, and then you have some stuff about you know, logging in and scoring. This is really important content, so I would, I would argue that make this text both bigger and and darker, potentially. So I'm gonna go with just a plain black text, and then I'm gonna change its font size to 3rem, oh, that's too big. That's downright bad, but you can see I'm just changing some stuff in the browser, and I'm looking at things from the perspective of what's going to make this accessible for people even if it passes the WCAG guidelines? Technically, what can make it even better for folks? And, you know, those are the things that I would do based on just that one home page. Just look at that menu, change change the way that this menu works, there's probably a responsive menu in here somewhere as well that might need to be changed, looked at. I imagine if I change the size, yeah, it goes to this navigation there, and I wonder if that, yeah, that opens up, but then, oh, here we go, okay, I can tab through it. Can I close it with the escape? No, but, can I get to that? I can't get to the close button, either with the keyboard, it looks like. Oh, wait, no, I can. It's at the bottom. So this is one where that order is, it's out of order. So this x button is up at the top left, which I would expect to be first in the source order, in relation to this home button and also all of these navigation links, but it's the last thing on the page, and then it's somehow placed at the top, using CSS. So I would change that, I think. And then when this is open, I wouldn't want to move people outside of this. This would be like a modal, so I would trap people's focus in here until they explicitly close that, and then take them back to this button up here. So that would be another item where, controlling where you are, you know, making sure that it makes sense for folks, would be something I would do. And so how do I force tab focus, was a question. I have a bookmarklet. So there are accessibility testing bookmarklets that you can get, and I'll be sure to add a link to it in a resources slide, as well, for later distribution, but this, I have two of them. I have a focus bookmarklet and, I think, force or show tab focus, but, but these will basically override something on a page where where someone has removed visible focus but I wanna see it then I can use that to get around a page by forcing to show the tab focus. Now I have it in there twice, so two orange bars around these. So I got double focus. All right, so captioning is about to end, in just a few minutes, so I wanna take a look at the c-hear dot com. So here we have some stuff coming up on the page. So let's take a look. So I'm hitting tab and oh, wait, let's see, here, I'm hitting tab. All right, so I've got, all right. Got some stuff going on here. Let's see, I'm gonna just refresh the page, and then I'm gonna start tabbing. So skip to content is the first link, that's great. Then we have an accessibility tools item that animates open, and so it's a widget, and I can increase the text, decrease the text, do stuff with contrast, do stuff with links, and fonts, and reset the settings. So that's cool. Let's see, hit escape, I can't close that with escape. I'd want to be able to do that. And then there's an icon with a wheelchair, so I'm, I guess that closes it and opens it, so that toggles it opens and closed. So that's should be fine. Skip to content, and there's a, there's something that takes focus up here, I don't know what it is, but it takes focus. It looks like it's a mailto link. I would want that, if that is something that needs to happen, needs to be visible, if it's in the tab index then I would make it visible for folks, as well. The focus outline is red on blue. That is probably okay, I'd wanna check the contrast of that just to make sure you're having really good contrast for those. Also, you have some hover states that are really nice. They kind of animate in, so the background on the menu changes from grayish blue, like a gunmetal gray, to a black background, when I hover over them, but all I get when I'm tabbing is just a red outline. So I would, I would keep the red outline, but I would do that thing that you do with the hover states for the focus, to make them more consistent, but also more obvious for people who who have low vision. Because that little red outline just might not be bold enough for some folks. But I can get to all the links there. Looks like you have a YouTube video embedded. I'm not gonna test that, but you have read more links and I'd be interested to see, hopefully those are in good context, so I'm gonna inspect them right now, and see what we have, so all of this looks like it may be in all a link. Is that all in a link? No, okay, so let's go to read more. Lot of divs here. So there's a div, read more, and then there's some generated content before and after. That's interesting. Yeah, I'm not sure how this would look in a list of links. So that would be something that I would wanna know, like, that these are clearly related to disability, education, medical, legal, when you pull up, say, a list of links in a screen reader. That would be something in the learn mores, the same thing with those. Then we've got a form here. Forms are always fun. These have very low contrast placeholder text in them. And if I type in them, the placeholder text goes away, so I have to remember, and if I have a cognitive disability, that, I might not remember what this is. Like, was that industry? Or was that business that I just typed in, I don't know. I have to clear out my, my information. So let me see. I hit the wrong button there. So one thing I'd wanna check is the form accessibility here on these. Are these labeled appropriately? They do have placeholder text, but do they have a label on them? So I see aria required equals true. It is using gravity forms and it is labeled and oh, wait, the label is empty. Oops. So that might be a problem. I would wanna check this out in the accessibility inspector. So it says, name, first name, and it's pulling the label from the placeholder, which is unreliable. So it doesn't get a label from the actual label, it doesn't get it from an aria label, it just gets it from the placeholder. So this would probably be, I think this would get flagged by a, an automated checker. But let me look and see. All right, and we're gonna wrap up after this. So these, these didn't pick up those label issues that I was picking up, so those may be fine. I would wanna check that with the system technology, though, make sure that form works well, but placeholders alone can be pretty problematic, so I would recommend not doing that. Oh, I know why this didn't check. This caught the labels, but they have asterisks for them, so they're not, they're labeled but they don't have any meaningful text in them. So that would be something that I would want to do more about. So thank you, everyone, for joining me today. I hope that the WordPress information was relevant and helpful for you. Please do let me know what what questions you have ongoing, and we will make sure that we get links to the deck as well as access to the video for today's session.