- [Instructor] A common accessibility issue is disabling the skip links in a theme. So we see that quite a bit where themes override the skip links. We see low contrast a lot on both text and non-text items. So that's always going to be a consideration and something that we need to look at Alt text issues. This can be introduced both from the content authoring aspect, but also at the theme level, or plugin level for that matter. So Alt text issues are widespread with WordPress sites and link text problems. So if you see click here links or read more links or continue reading links, typically those do not get the appropriate context on them especially when there's a list of posts or a grid of posts that you have on say an archive page. And your theme just has a continue reading or read more that's repeated for each article. Those out of context might be very inaccessible and confusing for your end users who are using assistive technology. And you know maybe they can't see the connection between the headline or image of the post and the read more link. So there are those link text problems that we see. Theme developers often don't understand the use of landmarks and appropriate landmarks. So those create accessibility problems for folks who want to jump to say the main area of the page or get to the widgets or get to, you know navigation, it's on the page very quickly. We also see document heading structure problems throughout WordPress sites. So WordPress gives you a very liberal interface for a liberal canvas for authoring content. You can create a theme that restricts that ability, right? And you can use specific database fields to then control how content get entered into WordPress and then output from it. But in general, most themes that you find out there want to take advantage of giving authors the most flexibility with the types of content the structure of the content, the design so we end up as a result seeing document heading structure issues. So that's something that we'll cover. And in themes, if you override the WordPress defaults, you can lose out on the language of the page or if you have say a language switcher, the language of the parts of the page. So there are ways to address that as well. Then we have multimedia. So multimedia accessibility problems abound, not only on WordPress sites, but across the internet that can be a range of issues there. So the multimedia issues that we see the most are inaccessible player controls, as well as video without captions or with auto generated captions and audio without transcripts. So Stephanie had a link in the chat for a blog post and I think in the link, it says it's from 2015. And the title looks like is why click here is a terrible link and want to write instead. And that's excellent. I think that's a timeless post. Sometimes I wish dates were in those links. No offense meant to Stephanie and the link structure here, but you know this could be an article from 2006 and it would still be relevant. So thank you for sharing this Stephanie.