- There were mentions of plug-ins earlier and there are a number of plug-is that provide accessibility or that have accessibility built in. So I have an image here of an outlet that basically transforms a wall outlet with two power outlets to one with six. But then there's a seventh power plug that someone's trying to plug in. I often feel like WordPress and plug-ins that's something that is of concern. How many plug-ins can we possibly need? There are about 900 billion WordPress plug-ins it seems not that many but there are thousands upon thousands if not hundreds of thousands of WordPress plug-ins and so you can over do it with plug-ins. So what plug-ins are out there? We'll talk about that. We'll talk about some really good ones if you just need something to start with that will give you some accessibility support it won't guarantee things then we have that. But a lot like I don't know if you're familiar with National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation but Clark Griswold is the main character played by Chevy Chase. One of the things that he has is he's going for lights on his house and he wants to just plug in a million lights on his house and he has this one outlet where he has all of these extension cords plugged into it with all of these different splitters and it's a mess and it's a fire hazard and it sparks and it throws the breaker anytime that they all get plugged in. But you have to worry about that in the same vein with WordPress. Just you know plug-ins can degrade the performance . Plug-ins can degrade the accessibility of your site as well. So there are you know sometimes security concerns with plug-ins. So choose those wisely. With that said I'll get into the heart of this. So one more note... I personally feel like we should not need most of these plug-ins that we are going to talk about. I praise the heroes that made these plug-ins. They are true accessibility champions. They are fantastic people for putting them out there. But if we develop our plug-ins and themes accessibly in the first place then we wouldn't need these extra plug-ins. So that's my disclaimer on that. So this is the granddaddy of all WordPress accessibility plug-ins. It's called WP accessibility by Joe Dolson. This is something that someone may have already linked to but it is something that bears kind of repeating here as well as discussing in detail what it does and what it doesn't do. Joe Dolson is a fixture in the accessibility community and in particular in the WordPress accessibility community. He is one of the leaders of the team of volunteers that work on accessibility in WordPress I worked along side him on the WordPress accessibility team for about a year and he's a great great person. He speaks at a number of word camps and publishes this along with other plug-ins. So it's WordPress accessibility plug-in let's look at it. So what does this thing do? It adds a certain number of features. So it will enable skip links with WebKit support. So it helps to move the keyboard focus using JavaScript with that skip link. It adds skip links with user-defined targets so you can customize the targets and their appearance. If your theme has removed the language attributes and text direction attributes it will add them back to the HTML element. So if you've just got a theme that your client is in love with or that you particularly like but you need to add some accessibility supports right away while you're working on the job theme this is your plug-in to do that. It adds outlines to keyboard focus states for focusable elements, again this is something that your theme can do or your child theme can override. It can add a tool bar for toggling between high contrast large print views of your theme. I think that's something that you should use with caution. You can add a long description to images and you can enforce alt attributes on images which is a really cool thing. Then some of the things that it fixes. So it doesn't just add things it fixes some things. So it removes the target attributes from links. So with the target equals you know target underscore blank where it opens a new tab or a new window. It removes that. It will remove tab index from elements. So if a developer has created a theme and they've used tab index values indiscriminately or in earnest potentially but violating accessibility rules it will remove that. It will strip title attributes from images inserted into content. So this is related to that question about you know is that an SCO concern? Well you know this plug-in is going to remove it regardless of the SCO concern but I don't feel like that's a concern. It removes redundant title attributes from page lists, category lists, and menus. And it adds the post titles to the standard "read more" links so if your theme developers has just done a "read more" link but hasn't added that helper text that we saw in the theme review guidelines right for having that contextual link text then this plug-in will add it. And it addresses some things in the admin interface and it adds labels to the standard WordPress form fields if they are missing. It doesn't necessarily fix every accessibility issue with forms and validation or things like that but it will do that. And then it adds a couple of tools within your WordPress interface. So this is probably one of the go to plug-ins for accessibility to patch a theme and some other plug-in based or plug-in generated or powered content on your WordPress site. So this will do it right away it's not a cure-all for the problems that might be inherent in themes that have accessibility problems and the goal would be to put together changes either a child theme or a custom theme that gives you what you want where you don't require a plug-in like WP accessibility to run and to fix your content functionality. So any thoughts or questions on that? I see someone said, "no plug-in can fix "all accessibility issues." That is absolutely true and that is something that Joe mentions in his description in the second sentence here. While most accessibility issues can't be addressed without directly changing your theme, this plug-in WP Accessibility adds a number of helpful accessibility features. So that's something to think about. It can't correct every problem by a long shot and yeah these are things that you'll see responsible developers mention when they are talking about accessibility because accessibility as you either know or become more aware of through this session it's multifaceted and much more complex than a binary. Is it accessible or not?