- [Christopher Schmitt, Moderator] We had a question about the WordPress can be used on Safari on Mac and just wanted, I guess we just should phrase that that as Wordpress is a CMS that's hosted on a server, and the site can be viewed on any browser.

- [Robert Jolly, Instructor] Absolutely, yep, yep. That's a good question. So, and good answer, so any modern browser or operating system, mobile or not, should be able to view content that you author in Wordpress. Wordpress will run on a variety of server technologies, but it does require PHP and a database, usually MySQL or some MySQL-compatible variant. Something like MariaDB or even Postgre. There are ports of Wordpress over to run on Windows servers, but typically it runs on a LAMP Stack, which is Linux, Apache, MySQL, and PHP. And absolutely, Safari can render content on Wordpress sites, and I'll bring that up in Safari now. And you can author content, log into the Admin interface, all of that good stuff in Safari. So here I have Safari, and it renders very similarly to how things rendered on the other browsers. And if I go to the Admin page, I can log in with Safari. Sure, I'll save password. And I can get in there and go to town with doing work. So I can add a new post here and add the title. So yep, absolutely, Safari's A-OK to author content. And then I can hit Publish, and I can go and view the post, and there it is, my test post is here. And it has just an image as the content because that's what I did as I was authoring the content. So I can, I believe I can inspect as well with Safari? Maybe I do not have, I may not have the Safari inspector active on this yet, but you can do very similar stuff with all the browsers that I was just demonstrating. And one thing I will do is we'll test, we'll show how a screen reader on the Mac, Voice Over, works with Safari because that is the best combination to test with when you're testing with a screen reader on a Mac is to use Safari and Voice Over. So Jessie asked, "Did Knowbility choose to focus "a classroom on Wordpress because we found "that Wordpress' tools are more robust for testing "and checking accessibility or is it more about "marketshare going for potentially the most "prevalent platform to cover as many people as possible?" I think Wordpress is one of the most popular and most widely-used CMSs, content management systems, and publishing platforms in use on the Internet today. The Wordpress community claims somewhere around 30 percent or more of the top sites on the Internet and top millions of sites are using Wordpress to power it. So it remains an extremely popular publishing platform. It's free and open source, that is something that has contributed to it, but its relative ease of use for folks who are non-technical as well as technically-minded people, developers and designers, have fueled its popularity. So it reaches a vast number of people. So that we do feel like is very important for us to cover a course on Wordpress, and Wordpress itself has done a good job overall in the community of supporting accessibility within its platform. It doesn't mean that things are perfect, and we'll go over common problems in just a moment with Wordpress installs, but authoring Wordpress sites does not automatically mean you're going to author something that's inaccessible. It doesn't automatically mean that it will be accessible, but it can be, and that's what we want to focus on here today is how do we make the availability of accessibility in Wordpress more widely known. What can you do? What's out there right now? What are the best practices? So certainly the popularity of Wordpress contributed to our decision to put on this course, no doubt. And most of you in this session have probably some familiarity with Wordpress, might even run several Wordpress sites. So that's certainly our target audience, but if you're new to Wordpress, this is a good intro I think, as well, in terms of what do I need to be concerned with for accessibility in Wordpress.